this episode is brought to you by peak
where plants and science intersect
go to peaktee.com impact you'll get five
percent off your first order and use
code
impact at checkout to get free shipping
enjoy the episode
i don't relate to being overweight but i
do
relate to not loving oneself so once
i've mastered that
and i've lost the weight on my heart so
to speak i can then show other people
how to do that
stay hungry i'm never gonna approach a
situation like
i know everything even when i know a lot
of that thing because i may learn
something that i didn't know that i can
just add to my deck of cards
and i'm out here trying to add to my
deck of cards i think you get a charge
out of that
that relentless nothing's gonna stop me
you know what i mean when you use
that power that's just as beautiful as
the smile
hey everybody welcome to health theory
today's guest is dolphett quince he's a
new york times best-selling author
fitness expert
entrepreneur and perhaps most
recognizable for being one of the
long-standing trainers on the smash hit
tv show
the biggest loser in addition to the
untold number of people he helped
transform on the show
he's also helped a slew of celebrity
clients to up their fitness game
including justin bieber
janet jackson angela bassett and he even
once got the chance to train michelle
obama as a part of her let's
move initiative and dal vet what i want
to talk about
is that you say that transformation
starts in
the mind and i could not agree more and
i want to
start there why does it start in the
mind and how do you help people
get over their roadblocks perception is
in your head
so how you perceive yourself determines
in direction that you go
if you're defeated if you're
a woe is me personality you'll treat
your body accordingly
right that's interesting if you are a no
matter what
i'm gonna make this happen right if
you're the type of personality or you
can will yourself
towards your great if you have those
tangibles within you
the likelihood of you being healthy and
spilling into other areas of your
healthy being
you'll be great you've talked about how
a big part of what you do
is psychology and that one of the things
you think makes for a great trainer is
that they're a great listener
what are you looking for like are you
trying to establish a personality type
are you trying to see what excuses they
carry around like
where do you start with unraveling that
to help them one of the things that i
did
as a personal trainer let me back up one
of the things that i did as a business
owner when i had my private personal
training studio in atlanta
was i did all the consultations
tell me why you're here tell me what
your needs are more importantly
tell me more than just why you want to
lose weight
but tell me the other things around your
life i had to understand their lifestyle
their structure
their distractions what are some like
classic things that you saw people
struggling with that were stopping them
from getting where they wanted to go
enablers come in many forms you know be
at work
be the other person on the other side of
their relationship they don't want to
disappoint them
their self-judgment in themselves a lot
of times um
wanting to change but not really wanting
the change
meaning that they want it i want to lose
40 pounds
but i really like the way that donut
tastes you know what i mean
so it's the discipline of really wanting
to make those changes i think
the desire was there but the willingness
to go above and beyond to that place
wasn't not just yet it takes time to get
there
you have a really interesting quote if i
may please do that i think it's really
interesting and says a lot about your
approach
to um training you said self-love
that is the ultimate supplement vitamin
weight loss system that you can take
period point blank i'd put my entire
career on that
what do you mean by that
self-love is interesting um
when someone loves themself when someone
really believes that
despite my flaws despite my shortcomings
my looks my income
i like me i love me
when you love yourself you treat
yourself as such you ever have a car
that you love and you would just shine
it and polish it and
you know every sunday you'd wash it
yourself no i'm not going to take it to
get washed
i'm going to wash it you know you took
such pride in it
you treated that car like it was
a woman a girl for the wife i don't know
you know what i mean you held it to that
level
to be in that place as a human being to
love yourself enough to say you know
what
i understand my value and because i
understand my value
i'm going to treat myself in every area
of my life the best way
i can be the best version of me
i may slip here and there but my love is
stronger than my hate
my love is stronger than my weakness my
love is stronger than my doubt
if your love is the epitome of you then
you'll always win in life
it's really interesting and i know that
um
people push back on you because you have
an astonishing physique and one of the
first things they would ask you is well
have you ever
been overweight can you really relate
and you have a pretty fascinating answer
i've never been overweight i can relate
because i've been
overpain and over feared and over
doubted right i come from a background
my life where
i've had many reasons not to be here
today
many reasons to fail
but i understand how to
talk myself out of that fear and how to
talk myself out of that pain i don't
relate to being overweight but i do
relate to not loving oneself
so once i've mastered that and i've lost
the weight on my heart so to speak
i can then show other people how to do
that tell us a little bit about your
background and then what i really want
to know
is how you turned that into something so
positive
well i was adopted i have two brothers
and one sister
all four of us were adopted by the same
couple i remember going into a house
of which it was a foster care home of
maybe
14 kids and
those kids left we stayed with mr and
mrs
alcock and they decided to adopt
all four of us and keep us together
that's the cinderella story
within that story though they were both
mentally and physically abusive so it's
a beautiful thing to have my brother and
sister
raised with me but at the same time it
was something i had to fight through
to um even though i got what i wanted
there was some things that
i needed more you know i needed that
love that that
that home that heart structure it wasn't
the case
not even a little bit um and so when
they told me that i wasn't good enough
or i'd never amount to anything there's
a part of my brain that wanted to
believe that like maybe i won't be good
enough maybe i'm not good enough
but i still love them
despite the the physical abuse despite
the mental abuse
and all the other stories that i lived
with i remember
saying i love you i remember giving them
a hug
i remember asking for something that i
knew i'd get a note from
and then a week later ask again i
approached it differently
like what is this inquisitive kid what's
wrong with him
and i think every time i faced my demon
or i approached my fear
it strengthened me it made me feel like
you know what
if i try something enough times or if i
believe
long enough or
the thing that i'm afraid of i look it
in its eye and say you're not gonna
defeat me
own me control me then i win and that's
how i went
it's really interesting so how did you
begin to conceptualize that when you
were a kid
but when does it stop becoming a tool
and start becoming just who you are or
was it always who you are despite the
circumstance
what has always been a part of me has
and always will be
no weapon formed against me shall
prosper so that's your tattoo
right talk to me about that because
i know the words of it but i don't 100
know that i know what it means you know
what it means
no weapon formed against me shall props
prosper there is no weapon out there
there's no
anything in life that could defeat me or
make me feel less than
that will come on top but how do you
make sure that ends up being true
it's a daily practice it's the same
reason you get up and you work out every
day why are you working out
you're already fit i do it because i
it's a daily thing
right every single day i get up thinking
all right how are you going to make
today better what is it about today that
you're going to work on that you
gave a little bit of time to yesterday
a friend of mine and i love quoting her
when i talk about this stuff
a friend of mine said that her dad
would ask her and her brother when she
came home from school
what did you fail at today what the hell
do you mean what did i
fail it today yeah what did you fail it
today i don't really don't want to know
all the things you were good at
but i want to know what you failed
because i want to know what did you try
to do
that you knew you weren't good at or you
just weren't good at
but you gave it a shot anyway let's talk
about that and they would have those
kind of conversations
so it's that sort of mentality that i
look at
some people dwell on their failures and
some people allow it to own them
or their shortcomings or their
weaknesses i look at as a way to
challenge myself
you know what i mean and i take it and i
empower myself
so i knew with my childhood with my
upbringing everything that i've been
through
there was nothing out there that was
gonna be
the defeat the thing that defeated me
there was nothing no human being no
circumstance
nothing if i can come through what i
came through oh i can get through
anything
so that's what it means to me what do
you think about the dark side like
darth vader type dark side using the
darkness using aggression
um when you hear kobe bryant talk who is
another person that he worked with about
you know having to dominate we had jay
williams on the show
and jay played against kobe bryant and
when he was playing against him that day
he goes out
and starts practicing and when he walks
onto the court kobe is already there
practicing
and jay you know shoots around for like
an hour and then finally he's like i
need to go get ready for the game and he
heads inside and kobe's still practicing
and after the game kobe beats them
handily
and he goes up to kobe and he's like you
know
why did you keep practicing for so long
like you're doing game level
moves and kobe said i just needed you to
know that i would outwork you
and he said no disrespect whatsoever and
that's the dark side people that just
tap into something it comes from a place
of all aggression domination i am going
to win no matter what like when i hear
that quote
from isaiah it makes me feel some kind
of way
and some kind of way it makes me feel
powerful it
makes me want to like rise up and like
in my head i'm imagining like standing
bloodied at the top of the hill
you know with cut marks screaming but
that [__] makes me feel good right
i love that great stuff but like i
didn't know
for you if that was like the sort of yin
and yang to
the big smiles all love self love all of
that
and but you know that over here is a
reserve that i can tap into if i need to
or if for you it really is the same
bucket i think there is a reserve
there better be i think if someone is
too tipping on one side then
something's missing on the other side i
think that ying and that yang
has to be prevalent and i think it is
prevalent in everyone anyone who says it
isn't
doesn't come from a truthful place you
follow what i mean oh yes i
use that fuel that you describe to get
me to where i want to be
and when that's on there is no stopping
me there is no stopping me
does that sort of dedication and that
determination that separates you from
the
probabilities and the maybes of the
mentality of certain people
i have both what i choose to show when i
choose it
is up to me i think you get a charge out
of that
that relentless nothing's going to stop
me you know what i mean when you use
that power that's just as beautiful as
the smile so when you are
trying to help somebody with that
transformation and you're trying to get
them to tap into
self-love which i think is is super
powerful
to get people to lead with that how do
you begin to
really um peel away the sort of dead
skin of all the things that make them
feel badly about themselves how do you
help them process through that
one of the things that i do is that i
teach them how to empower themselves
i want to train you in a way that you
need yourself that you you see yourself
you see your own strength and so some of
the things that i do
uh for example i was working with some
of the clients on biggest loser
um if i'm working with five people which
nine times out of ten i was
um when i saw one of them stand out
and really start to click and get it i
would
pull them from their assignment and make
them show another person who wasn't
doing so well
that person that they were helping felt
like wow one of my comrades is really
helping me
but the person i gave the assignment to
became very empowered
it gave them a sense of you want me to
be you
okay and they just immediately became
this different person
that layer was peeled off like wait a
second maybe i do have this
i can i'm the teacher now i'm no longer
learning
so this movement this moment
is mine with that sort of um
impactful opportunity for that
individual it really gives them a sense
of i got this
and if i can create a lot of i got this
moment in their life
and layer those up this the the shedding
becomes
much easier my wife and i used to
obsessively watch
the biggest loser really i love that
show so i told you i grew up in a
morbidly obese family so for me i saw
so much of my childhood so much of the
people that i loved in that show
and seeing the often cathartic moments
where they would have these tremendous
breakthroughs was always pretty
extraordinary
and at the beginning of the um season
you could tell
not necessarily who was gonna win but
you could tell who was in trouble or who
was
on a path to success based on whether
they had
a lot of excuses or whether they took
ownership
of their situation how do when
somebody's really clinging on to
a disempowering narrative they've got
just a bag of excuses
how do you begin to help them let go of
that
it's not easy there is there is no
all you have to do to answer that
question to be honest with you
it's a lot of work it's a lot of time
um because they're they haven't let go
whatever they're holding on to be at
their past
be it a camera in front of them and they
don't want to say anything to embarrass
themselves or someone else whatever
their excuse
is in that moment you really have to
build trust my immediate approach is
how can i build trust with this person
so that i can begin to help them
i think there has to be a raw
willingness to be
um not imperfect but vulnerable
and i think if you can expose your
vulnerabilities
it evens the playing field it says to
that person
you're not perfect you're like me in
more ways than i anticipated
now i can work with you once i show you
that vulnerability
i'm going to still go up and rise above
to pull you up to that next level
because we both can't live in that line
you can like you have to let go of the
excuses in order to get to that next
level once you let go the excuses
you will get to that next level right
right you've said that the way you
are is a daily choice which i find
really interesting you also talk a lot
about
part of what you have to do is help them
develop new habits
so what are the the daily choices that
you make
that can be turned into habits for
somebody else that will help empower
them
i believe that health is so much more
than a push-up
it's so much more than a squat
i think there is a mental exercise that
you have to do
daily be reading a book
being it having a provocative
conversation
there's an emotional health piece that
you have to do
there's a social piece there's a
spiritual piece
what i do is i put some of my energy
into all of those pieces throughout my
day
right oftentimes people think yeah if
you go to the gym you look good you feel
good
yeah that's one sheet
you need five sheets you just do every
single day
in order to write a great day
physical emotional spiritual
mental and social you would think wait
mental and emotional aren't they the
same no no no they're not
you know i want to be smarter i want to
be better so i'm going to read more i
mean i want to go back to school i want
to
i want to talk with to educators and
professors and
and ceos of companies who in your soap
on your circle
that motivate you that inspire you
you know is it the same people that
when you were 70 pounds heavier or 40
pounds heavier that are in your life
that are your enablers or have you
separated yourself
to surround yourself with people to
motivate you and maybe it's not about
weight maybe it's about your current
financial state
maybe it is where you are and where you
want to be but you're never going to go
where you want to be if you're
associating with the same type of people
so there's levels of health those five
pillars of health
or how you know that's how you become
strong that's how you make your fist
do you think there's a universal diet
that is a brilliant question is there a
universal
diet i think everyone's different
i don't think that there's a cutter way
for everyone to eat a specific way i
don't believe that
at all because we're all different from
different backgrounds regions dnas
two different worlds two different rooms
so yeah that's in
two different worlds two different
wounds that's really interesting um
five years ago i probably would have
said that's crazy now
i am totally with you so what are
guidelines how do people figure out
what's right for them because
people's inclination is to throw their
hands up and be like ah it's different
for everybody who knows i'm just dealt
at the hand that i was dead
yeah it is what it is right i think you
know on a
expensive level maybe depending on
becoming is becoming more um
acceptable now to um or financially
acceptable to do something like this
is actually to get blood work to see
where your allergies might be
see how your body responds there's dna
tests out there
in terms of benefits on uh on how your
body responds at an optimal level
i love that type of education um
everyone who
necessarily can't afford that per se
um there's trial and error everyone
knows the difference between
if i eat fried chicken or baked chicken
what's it going to do to my system
the problem then is what am i doing
in order to make those changes you know
i wrote the book three one two one
showing people in the days of the week
yes you can cheat
yes you can have fun yes you can eat
what you want to eat but you better earn
it
lean towards eating clean and earn the
days
that you get to have fun so to speak
walk us through the three one two one
right and i think the thing that's
most interesting about that is when you
get to
your one of your two cheat days define
cheat three one two one represents days
of the week
or eating patterns it's an eating
pattern
so for three days straight i eat clean
and on that one day i'm gonna cheat
and define clean for me clean to me is
good fats plenty of green vegetables
lean protein plenty of water
taking your vitamins eating clean
right one is cheating meaning that
i know sugar's the enemy let me have a
little bit of sugar
i'm gonna have some wine you know i'm
gonna eat the carbs i haven't had for
three days because i've been
dying for that cheesecake so i eat clean
for three
i cheat on one i eat clean for two and i
cheat on one
that internal manipulation actually
confuses your body
and nine times out of ten will help you
maintain a more lean physique
than it would if you ate
clean for so many days and then cheat it
straight for three days having your
cheesecake factory
and your ice cream you know what it does
mean
is um stay within a still a portion
control
of eating but eat the things that you
like to eat
if you go outside that portion control
then you have the stomach ache and the
overeating
and the sugar spikes and you won't go
back to your three
coming off of a one you'll just have one
one one one one back to back because
your body
you know the body responds that way peak
tea is your
daily antioxidant powerhouse i cannot
emphasize enough the importance of
gut health for your overall health
immunity and
energy level and basically every other
function in your body
my wife lisa is fanatical about her gut
health and we're always looking for
ideas to help
fermented tea can be incredibly helpful
for gut health
that's why you have to check out peak
tea's fermented
puare tea peak teas fermented poo air
tea is
wild harvested from rare 250 year old
tea trees
and naturally fermented with prebiotics
probiotics
and antioxidants to nourish a healthy
gut microbiome
and it's a great kombucha alternative
without the sugar
flavorings or artificial sweeteners one
of our impact theory team members has
tried peak tea
and he especially likes the puer green
the flavor is fantastic and it's become
part of his breakfast routine
it's also a great way for him to
naturally stay focused and calm during a
busy day
peek's fermented pooh air is more
powerful and concentrated in
antioxidants than
any other type of tea poo air green tea
is the holy grail of tea to support
a healthy immune system cellular health
sustained energy and focus
and the puare black tea is fully
fermented to support healthy digestion
and healthy weight management peaks cold
extraction technology
preserves antioxidants at maximum
potential
and its triple toxin screen for
contaminants
commonly found in tea peaks
revolutionary tea crystals dissolve in
seconds using cold or hot water
with zero prep or brewing required and
their tea packets fit right in your
pocket so they're the perfect fit if
you're on the go
go to peaktee.com impact and use code
impact at checkout you'll get five
percent off your first
order free shipping and that's p i q
u e t e a dot com slash impact
there's a reason that peak has over 15
five-star reviews try it for yourself
risk-free with their 30-day
satisfaction guarantee you'll either
love it or get your money back
with over 20 delicious award-winning
flavors
you are sure to find the one you love
that's peaktee.com again spelled
p-i-q-u-e-t-e-a
dot com slash impact you'll get five
percent off your first order and use
code impact at checkout to get free
shipping
enjoy the episode and what's your advice
for people if they do
mess up and they there it was supposed
to be one of my three
and i went off the rails what's your
advice how do they get back on
um you really don't mess up if you're
conscious of
the mess up if you ignore it and you
simply just
keep going then you failed you know
don't beat yourself up and think you
can't get
back to it right so okay you had two
back-to-back
cheat days now it's time for you to get
back on those three days straight
four days straight whatever it is of
eating clean add an
extra day to make up for the two that
you added in or the one that you added
in
give me some clean day straight through
start a regime
of movement in your body flush your
system with plenty of water
and you'll get back on track so how do
you approach
experimentation i know that you did a
30-day vegan experimentation i don't
know if you've done others but that
i thought that was pretty interesting um
one do you have an actual strategy
around the experimentation and then two
i'd love to
know what you felt doing the 30-day
vegan thing
um my strategy before i do any sort of
guinea pig sort of thing with myself
is to do as much research as possible
talk to experts who are already doing it
read where i can read information on it
like with the vegan thing
i spoke to two or three vegan chefs i
spoke to
a vegan bodybuilder um
athlete and said okay i'm approaching
this i'm gonna do this for 30 days
i did it i hated it sorry all my vegan
people
sorry all my vegetarians out there i i
it didn't work for me
um i will say this i found that i slept
better i rested really really
not to say i don't sleep well now but i
remember when i
did it i really did i really slept
deeply um outside of that
i found that every two hours i was
hungry have you ever done it before
vegan yeah vegetarian nothing you ever
did a test no
i've done i i have it actually so i went
vegetable dominant for a while
okay but i still had some meat and i was
not systematic at all so i wouldn't even
call it a real fair experiment but i did
not enjoy
how i felt physically um so
i felt foggier i didn't have
the clarity that i normally have and i
didn't have the energy that i normally
have it's not like i'm vegetable phobic
i love vegetables i have
massive amounts my plate is made up of
more vegetable than anything else
but i do i'm not shy about meat at all i
absolutely love
being high fat i get most of my fat from
olive oil and animal fat
um and i feel spectacular and so
for that reason because i want to live
forever right enough
we haven't talked about that yet but i
sincerely do want to live forever and i
think that it
if i could extend my life if i could hit
like the 120 mark i really think
that science would catch up and i'd be
able to live forever i
look at life this way every day
the moment of now is actually all that's
real and the past may be fake
this future obviously is just something
that you imagine in your mind
so if all i ever have is right now this
moment have i ever had a right now this
moment where i wanted to die
for me the answer was no i've never had
a right now moment where i wanted to die
so why would i ever think that there
would ever come a time where i wanted to
die now i have had
anxiety over dying where i thought if i
died right now
that would really suck so i know in my
stretch of now that it's lasted so far
42 years i have always had
one exact thought which is that i'm glad
i'm alive
so so you want to keep that thought for
as long as you can have that thought
because
part two is i want to plan for a long
time right before the camera started
rolling i told you i'm trying to build
the next disney you did
and i s and you said hey you can do it
and i said well check back in with me in
70 years to see if i've actually done it
now most people at 42 do not plan 70
years in the future
and trust me i constantly check myself
because it might be really stupid
it might be really dumb for me at 42 to
be thinking
70 years from now okay and so i checked
myself against it
into is this not only interesting
70 years from now is it interesting
today because if it's only interesting
in 70 years odds are right now you're
not going to make it
so probably far better to do something
that
you're enjoying today but if they both
line up then i know i'm in the right
space
so right now i love the things that i do
on a day-to-day basis and
they're interesting if i can really keep
this going for 70 years and build the
next thing that can influence
culture which is what actually motivates
me
because of the kid that i used to big
brother for and i thought how
i was too young and stupid to help him
back then how could i have given him an
empowering mindset so that he turns out
to be the next all vet
because he didn't like most people fear
[Music]
passing away and they can't believe it
happening you know there's this anxiety
what if i
i don't have that in me it's never been
in me because i've always been
optimistic and spiritually deep
enough and aware that it's gonna be okay
let's talk about fear you have a very
interesting relationship with fear
yes i want to know about the the fear of
heights and the eight helicopters that
you've jumped out of
which seems like an odd way to go about
a fear of heights
um yeah i remember rappelling out of a
helicopter it's my second season on the
show and the director had this crazy
idea you know be a great way to open up
the show
what if you rappelled out of a
helicopter uh
i remember saying to myself you just
have to do it
i know i'm afraid of heights i have a
fear of heights um i have a fear of
uh water in the ocean and i've repelled
not repelled i've jumped out of a
helicopter
into the ocean with full gear on on a
national television show
went down drowning got pulled out the
ocean but i still did it
knowing that i wasn't a good swimmer why
would my crazy ass do that stuff
um i'm a um adrenaline junkie
i can't tell people to be fearless
and to look past their insecurities if i
don't do the same
i have to keep it 100 i have to speak
from an
authentic place right and it won't be
authentic
i won't truly mean it unless i do the
same thing i ask people to do
like you know you're afraid of this but
go for it anyway
you know you're not good at this thing
but do it anyway and if you do it what's
gonna happen on the other side
of that version of you i always want to
charter the unknown from an internal
perspective
what happens because i've been doing
that my whole life
right what happens on the other side of
me if i truly face
my fear it's interesting i want to know
what are the beliefs that really drive
you and i think the easiest way to
figure that out tell me what you've
taught your
son like what are the three key
things if you died today that you want
to make sure
that you'd instilled in him before you
passed
be honest with yourself
first be honest with yourself because if
you practice honesty with yourself
that's who you are you'll naturally
become that for everyone else
right people lie to themselves i'm this
and i'm bad and i'm going to tell
everyone that i'm this and
and if you practice something long
enough if those are your reps that's
what you become strong in
be honest with yourself be the best man
you can be
okay and just go for it
let's go back be the best man that you
can be what are
like what's your vision of being a good
man
having high integrity treating people
with respect
demanding respect of yourself
a good man to me is someone who has a
firm handshake and looks you in the eye
for as old school and
and corny as that sounds i think that
guy
isn't around as much i think people
spend more time on their robot than they
do with the human being
being a being the best man you can be is
having a very high level of integrity
saying what you mean and meaning what
you say
that's also something that's not
practiced a lot
um those are those are tangible things i
think that he can take with him
and really put into different areas in
his life
you once defined success in a way that i
found
really interesting and i have it written
down success
is the consistent pursuit of something
you love
why pursuit
because we're always
trying to get better right
you never land on betterment
i'm a mountain betterment i'm i'm great
we're never always there it's a moment
if anyone met you
and they and they saw you and they spoke
that's a very successful guy
but your perception of your success
where you are today
doesn't necessarily agree with what they
see because as far as you're concerned
you have other attributes that you have
yet to touch
you gave me a 70-year plan
that means you still have 30 some odd
more years
of moments of success before you get
there
so it's a pursuit i think that is what
makes us great well shouldn't you just
be happy with where you are
no one's happy with where they are you
could be happy in a moment
but to have aspirations and goals is
what make us great
you know i've never met anyone who's had
any level of success
who doesn't continue wanting more in
other areas or trying different things
and i hate when people like well why
don't you just do that
well why are you trying to pigeonhole me
am i supposed to
only go to alabama for the rest of my
life
and not see paris or see africa am i
supposed to visit around the world
and discover different things am i just
supposed to be one thing for the rest of
my life
no pursue life
it's the pursuit that makes it count not
the
i've made it because you never really
make it you should always want to evolve
yeah that notion of wanting to evolve i
like that a lot which reminds me of
something else you said
which was be humble but stay hungry
so those are you want to talk yin and
yang
how do you cultivate those two stay
green to grow but stoop
to conquer was a phrase that was said to
me years ago
even though you may know you may know a
lot right
but there's something in the moment
which you know a lot if you overpower
that moment
you'll miss learning something because
you can always add something to what you
know there's always a missing puzzle
piece to the picture you've created
always right and you're in a
conversation with someone so tell me
more tell me
you know and then you add once you get
something you add to it
so stay humble but stay hungry
i'm never gonna approach a situation
like i know everything
even when i know a lot of that thing
because i may learn something that i
didn't know that i could just add to my
deck of cards
and i'm out here trying to add to my
i'm not trying to be the everything
because if i am then and i've stopped
growing
you know oh yes i don't want to stop
growing i want to get better
you know maybe you and i may be the last
two people on this planet because we're
going to live forever now
but at least we'll have something to
teach each other and have the
willingness to want to do that
the best people out there in every
circumstances be it business be it
relationships
dad father husband ceo employee wherever
you are in your category
you have a willingness and a desire
those are the best people
if that's your dna i have a willingness
to grow and a desire to be better
you're going to [__] win man you're
going to win
i will agree to that talk a lot about
putting in the reps
details there's a detail to your story
that i find really interesting
and i want to know more about which is
for your son's 21st birthday
you made a video we had 20 other people
come on and give like their best minute
and a half of advice and then you were
the 21st piece of advice
what piece of advice did you give and
then what were some other nuggets from
the video
wow
i told them that i loved him i told him
that i was hard on him
because i loved him i
demand greatness from him because i see
greatness in him
i told him to never
ever ever give up that there will be
people out there
that will tell you you're not good
enough there'll be people out there to
tell you that
you'll never be the other person
don't be one of those people be the
outlier
in that belief system be the one who's
different
and be the one who never gives up on you
and then teach that to your son right
some of the other nuggets that were in
there were so amazing i mean
i reached out to 20 men who i get advice
from
or give advice to and i said to them
if you were 21 what would you want
someone to say to you
please give my son that advice make him
a two minute video
i'm gonna comprise these voices and i'll
be the 21st voice
and it's so funny you bring that up
because just a couple days ago i walked
in his room and he was
watching that video wow yeah so it's
still you know you can give
anyone a gift but to give them something
that can last forever
something that is so
impactful you said something that really
hit me
which is you demand greatness of him i
like the choice
of both the word demand and greatness
talk to me about that i think people are
really um leery about making demands
holding people to standards
what do you think about that you played
me a beautiful compliment by saying
you're very humble but just because i'm
humble doesn't mean i'm not
it's lost on me to go go pursue being
great
right please don't get that twisted
because oftentimes he's such a nice guy
he's humble
no i go extremely hard to be the best
me that i could be for the best of what
i'm doing
in that moment be great why are you
limiting yourself
because of what people might think we
hold so much weight
on others opinions that it becomes our
opinion
which is crazy to me like
i think you everyone in this room
everyone in this world
wants to be better than where they are
right now
what's stopping you oh i know you
you're standing in the way because you
will put a pillar of
thought in front of the thought go be
great uh
but my dad always told me i would never
be that so i'm not going to pursue that
i don't want to get in the way because
if i go do that then my girlfriend will
be like i don't care about her enough
we create so many excuses
to pursuing the best version of
ourselves
what's your dream
let me ask a simpler question what makes
you happy
the thing that makes us happy are the
things that we're passionate about
i really like and when they say that
their face lights up
then why don't you do more of that well
i can't because oh
then you don't want to be great you're
not ready to be great you want to be
good
you want to be okay but you don't want
to be great
because great takes work great
takes a level of discipline that is
distraction free
i'm just that much into it i want it
that bad
i can see myself doing this for the rest
of my life why
i love it if you love something you
spend
time with that something right it's no
longer just an idea
or a probably or a maybe or a one day
i love it so i nurture it i polish that
car
i wash it i spit shine it
right that's my great
how do you get people to cultivate that
you use that word and i love that word
cultivation is a daily practice
it's spending time with it every single
day it's studying it
understanding it talking about it
talking it into existence
practicing it while you're talking it
making it a part of what you are and who
you are
that's cultivation like you know what i
mean
it's not just words it's actions put
into words
put into motion and that becomes reality
a lot of people talk a lot of people
don't do
the ones that talk and do they're the
cultivators
yeah yeah that is fantastic
all right before i ask my last question
go tell these guys where they can find
you online
everything online is at all vet just
follow me on all my social media
platforms
all right my last question yeah what is
one change that people could make that
would have a massive impact on their
health
that's a brilliant question what is the
one thing
that people can change that could have a
massive impact on their health
para campbell i que cambiate in order to
change you have to change
it's a spanish phrase love what you're
doing
but challenge yourself every day
love what you're doing but challenge
yourself just a little bit
every day and you will change i like
that
yeah all right guys if you want to
challenge
yourselves i'm telling you go follow him
at dull vet it is amazing this guy can
talk everything
from hip hop and wine to health
fitness entrepreneurship he really
is doing a lot of different things and
somebody that's doing it from the
perspective of having a growth mindset
of knowing that they never reach mount
betterment that
every day is an opportunity to grow and
become better and is pushing themselves
to face their fears
that's the kind of person that you want
in your life and so often today i think
people
misunderstand the power of social media
one of the most amazing things it can do
is let you build
that group of five that they say you are
the average of
and understand that you're not just the
average of the five people you spend the
most physical time with
you're the average of the five ideas the
five mindsets that you spend the most
time with
and his mindset is incredibly powerful
and i think that it will draw you guys
in
it will give you a way to
really see yourself as he does which is
a renaissance man
and one thing that we didn't get to talk
about is he wants to be
the next black james bond which i think
is amazing
somebody who really is looking at the
world far more holistically and as he
said
when we were talking don't try to put
him in a box and that's what you're
going to get when you dive into his
social world
is all of the different passions that he
has and the way that he brings them
together in a way that is so
truly unique to him remember his
definition of success
is the pursuit of something that you
love and i think that is extraordinary
all right if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe and until next time my
friends
be legendary take care all that thank
you my man
what's up impactivist as you guys know
my mission in life
is to provide the no bs instruction
manual for success
and to that end we've launched our
platform impact theory university
our goal with itu is to provide you with
curriculum that will help you take your
career
business or personal development to the
next level so regardless of your end
goal itu is designed to provide you with
the universal principles
and tactics of success that will propel
you forward
so whether you want to build a fortune
500 company advance quickly up the ranks
at your company become a more effective
parent or partner
or simply get unstuck there are core
principles that apply
and that's where impact theory
university comes in but to be clear itu
is not another podcast or conversation
with an influencer you can get all of
that for free right here
on our youtube page instead it is
structured
education delivered in a compelling
format and paired with social support
and accountability
we offer two tracks business and mindset
regardless of which track you choose
you'll gain access to
a library of all of our pre-recorded
classes as well as two hours of
live teaching per month where you'll
have the opportunity to engage with me
ask
questions and meet others in the
community every class
also comes with an actionable worksheet
designed to help you take the immediate
action
that is required to make any new skill
stick and last but certainly not least
as a student enrolled in itu you'll get
access to an exclusive
online community of other like-minded
individuals who will help you study the
content
work through all of your goals and keep
you accountable at all times
itu pricing starts as low as 47 dollars
a month for the mindset track and 97
dollars a month for the business track
there's also a 50 discount if you buy
the whole year up front
and additional discounts if you sign up
for both mindset and business
when you bundle all of the discounts
together the cost drops to
roughly 80 cents a day i think itu
truly is the best content we have ever
made but if you sign up and don't agree
that it's worth say 10 times what you
paid just take advantage of our no
questions asked 30 day
money back guarantee i don't want any of
us to get paid unless we're delivering
disproportionate value so trust that the
refund process will be absolutely hassle
free
and if this sounds like something that
would help you move forward in your life
but you can't afford it we do have a
scholarship program that you can apply
for
that provides free access to those in
need
all right everybody if you want to take
advantage of this and make it
dramatically forward in your life
sign up today the link is in the
description or you can go directly to
university.impacttheory.com
i look forward to seeing you on the
inside my friends and until then
be legendary take care thank you guys so
much for watching and being a part of
this community if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe you're going to get
weekly videos on building a growth
mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential